OKAY!!!

Long overdue, and I send my most humble of apologies.  If I may, I would like to share my experience with this practical.
I foolishly had my mind set to set up CSS sheets within folders and import them for styling for granularity.  For the most part,
this simply spread out a mass css relay race when it came to the vast number of issues which required a painful amount of time to debug 
(especially when reviewing as subjectively as I seem to do with my work at this point.)  




What I learned not to do when building for responsive from this project is:

1.)NEVER LOSE THE FIGHT AGAINST "SCOPE-CREEP"!!!
2.)Avoid using set values such as px instead of percentages for dimensioning, as it may break the site.
3.)Take caution not to use unnecessary, additional style sheets (or anything unnecessary for that matter).



What I did for the first time while building:

1.)Created a pulsating "logo"using animation & keyframes to adjusted the opacity of a downloaded image.
2.)Used background settings especially coloring, gradients, and images to play with downloaded images of 
	workers.  
3.)Used outline to create reactive hover effect for the sign-up button.
4.)Created my first modal in order to make a better presentation of the sign-up form.
5.)Created an iframe to import a div for the "about me" section from another folder. 




What I noticed that I could improve upon:
1.)The links for the website references would be better with a hover effect.
2.)The table of contents links would be better served as a table row outside of the overflow.
	However, I could not find a way to do it without adding breakage at this late point.  
	Outside of the overflow, the tabling displays well and is bordered well.  However, 
	within the overflow, it seems to display improperly.




I did amend the instructions slightly as I either did something somewhere else, or learned 
from the course to do it another way:

1.)Menu bar became links, I would like to ask how to make the bar (outside of overflow) trigger 
	activity withing the iframe overflow.
2.)Added a sign in for members.
3.)Added an option in consideration for disabled visitors.
4.)Content image was instead exercised as the animated logo.
5.)HTML5 Mobile course dealt with sizing for screen (that is as far as I got so far).  
	I have not used foundation since the summer, so it seems I will need to revisit it 
	or learn about bootstrap, as I see doing sizing without a framework can be an unnecessary
	headache.  But, it was a good experience to deal with.



